my husband's gonna be making your basic
scrambled egg today and this is what he
has has Tommy eggs made fine
yeah my eight and he's gonna scramble
them all
so have it good and my husband makes the
best scrambled eggs in the world right
babe you know I kids want me to that see
I kiss yet it does this yeast work at
McDonald's that's right that's why he
makes the best and he said according to
him that McDonald's doesn't like the
McDonald that you used to work for me in
high school was successful only because
of him because he took the best
scrambled eggs so everybody around the
world came to the McDonald's
his scrambled eggs yes no yes it's also
he's gonna show us how he makes the
world's best scrambled egg okay turn the
heat up bit okay so he's turned the heat
up on the heat up on high on the pan and
we're just basically gonna wait for the
parent to get hot so I'll come back long
fatty oils expansive oil
and then once the oil is hot then we'll
go ahead and add the eggs I'll come back
okay my husband's about to pour the eggs
into the pan so go ahead and watch him
do this okay yeah he's just making sure
it's all mixed in looks together
and then I'm so here with you and our
pancakes and we're just waiting for the
scrambled egg well I see it form
oh you don't use any one day I think I'd
ride for you gonna go get my hands on
that okay Alex Kay just like at
McDonald's right good install the heat
is still on high you see the eggs
forming right in the center yeah it's
just it's just more like a so everything
you want the McDonald's kind of
scrambled eggs we always have our daddy
you make it for us there you have it um
scrambled eggs just like at McDonald's
is all you need to do add some salt and
pepper so quick and easy right it's not
the heat okay here we are some scrambled
aids that just got done and we have some
of the Marie Callender's and pancake mix
from the 99-cent store so you can also
buy eggs from the ninth inning since
they're so open I cost you like $2 to
make pancakes in eggs I said stop yeah
since that's